# Goal 
To create a delivery system of McDonalds between HKUST residents residing in nearby or the same hall. 

# Description 
Envision that an HKUST Student named A is picking up their McDonald's meal on the way back to their dorm. The walk from McDonald's to the closest hall is at least 10 minutes. This is inconvenient for many students. Imagine, they can help to grab 2-3 other HKUST student's McDonald's meals and bring it to Hall 1. This way, the user can receive their meal quicker (reducing queue and clustering at the McDonald's pickup location), and the HKUST Student A is able to earn a bit of extra money. 

# Workflow 
To acquire the McDonald's API would be very difficult. Therefore, the most feasible app workflow would be to use an OCR based system that can allow users to upload a screenshot of their McDonald's mobile app order. This will scan for the time of order, the meal, the number etc. to verify it is a real order. This will extract the important information and ask the user for confirmation if the data scanned is correct. This order data will then be sent into a queue and assign to a delivery person. The delivery person can then take this data to acquire the corresponding order. Then, they will be able to take this order, and upon delivering, they should be able to pay in person or through the app, where this payment will have a verification system. The amount of money that the delivery will cost will be calculated using a formula based on the price of order + the location to be delivered relative to the McDonalds. If the user did not pay, the user may be blacklisted in order to preserve the integrity of the app. A similar system will be implemented to keep delivery people in check, such as adding a 10-15 minute timer. Sometimes, however, McDonald's orders may take up to 30 minutes, especially during rush hours. In this event, we are stuck on how to create an efficient and fool-proof system to preserve the integrity of both sides. Our first idea was to press an 'order pickup' button, however, this can easily be abused by delivery people outside of these hours. For example, they might pick up an order and not press it. 
